c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\App.ngApp.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\App.ngApp.pdb
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\obj\Debug\ngApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\obj\Debug\App.ngApp.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ngApp\ngApp\obj\Debug\App.ngApp.pdb
