c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\WijmoMvcApplication1.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\WijmoMvcApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\obj\Debug\WijmoMvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\obj\Debug\WijmoMvcApplication1.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\obj\Debug\WijmoMvcApplication1.pdb
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\x86\sqlcese40.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\x86\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\x86\sqlceme40.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\x86\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\x86\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\x86\sqlceca40.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\amd64\sqlcese40.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\amd64\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\amd64\sqlceme40.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\amd64\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\amd64\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\amd64\sqlceca40.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServerCompact.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\WijmoMvcApplication1.dll.config
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Breeze.WebApi2.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\ToddForsberg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WijmoMvcApplication1\WijmoMvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
