c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\ModernUIApp1.exe
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\ModernUIApp1.pdb
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp1.g.resources
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp1.exe
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp1.pdb
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\BasicPage1.baml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Pages\BasicPage1.g.cs
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\SplitPage1.baml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\obj\Debug\Content\SplitPage1.g.cs
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\awesomium.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\icudt.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\avcodec-53.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\avformat-53.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\avutil-51.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\libEGL.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\libGLESv2.dll
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\awesomium_process
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\inspector.pak
c:\users\toddforsberg\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp1\ModernUIApp1\bin\Debug\xinput9_1_0.dll
